README.md, before:

#Bonus README

This app was re-written using React.js and was initially written with plane HTML and Jade.

For me this was all brand new. I have never worked with React, Express, or Jade, so it really gave me a fresh perspective as a first time user.

Below is my evaluation of the integrating the React MVC framework.

##Pros:
- Opinionated, so there is are guidelines on development.

- Makes it easier for collaborators to join in on the code.

- Logic and markup is nicely organized together.

- Declarative syntax makes it clear what event a button click or submit corresponds to.

- Has reactive features that can make your app very responsive.

- Could potentially speed up development from tools provided and being opinionated.


##Cons:
- Opinionated, so not being familiar with the conventions can make it difficult to build an app.

- Requires some experience with JavaScript, web socket, server, and HTTP to use effectively, so not very beginner friendly.

- Does not have conventional HTML files. Everything is Javascript, so a beginner may not be able to wrap their mind around it right off the bat.

- Does not support all standard HTML attributes. For example, to declare a class you must use className, which could lead to a lot of simple errors.

- Has reactive feature that could be abused by beginners, which leads to poor performance.

Commit message:

Added link to live site on heroku

README.md, after:

#Bonus README

See live site on [Heroku](https://aqueous-wildwood-9541.herokuapp.com/)

This app was re-written using React.js and was initially written with plane HTML and Jade.

For me this was all brand new. I have never worked with React, Express, or Jade, so it really gave me a fresh perspective as a first time user.

##Below is my evaluation of the integrating the React MVC framework.

##Pros:
- Opinionated, so there is are guidelines on development.

- Makes it easier for collaborators to join in on the code.

- Logic and markup is nicely organized together.

- Declarative syntax makes it clear what event a button click or submit corresponds to.

- Has reactive features that can make your app very responsive.

- Could potentially speed up development from tools provided and being opinionated.


##Cons:
- Opinionated, so not being familiar with the conventions can make it difficult to build an app.

- Requires some experience with JavaScript, web socket, server, and HTTP to use effectively, so not very beginner friendly.

- Does not have conventional HTML files. Everything is Javascript, so a beginner may not be able to wrap their mind around it right off the bat.

- Does not support all standard HTML attributes. For example, to declare a class you must use className, which could lead to a lot of simple errors.

- Has reactive feature that could be abused by beginners, which leads to poor performance.
